docs: Improve `AIRFLOW_ASYNC`docs (#2103)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: docs/getting_started/async-execution-mode.rst

============================

This execution mode can reduce the runtime by 35% in comparison to Cosmos LOCAL execution mode, but is currently only available for BigQuery. While this mode was introduced in Cosmos 1.9, we strongly encourage users to use Cosmos 1.11, which has significant performance improvements.

It can be particularly useful for long-running transformations, since it leverages Airflow's `deferrable operators <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/authoring-and-scheduling/deferring.html>`__.

In this mode, there is a ``SetupAsyncOperator`` that will pre-generate the SQL files for the dbt project and upload them to Airflow XCom or a remote location. A remote location will only be used if users set ``AIRFLOW__COSMOS__REMOTE_TARGET_PATH`` and ``AIRFLOW__COSMOS__REMOTE_TARGET_PATH_CONN_ID``. This operator is run before the remaining pipeline.
All the pipeline dbt model transformations will be run using ``DbtRunAirflowAsyncOperator`` which, instead of running the ``dbt run`` command for each model. They will download the SQL files from the Airflow XCom or remote location and execute them directly leveraging the Airflow ``BigQueryInsertJobOperator``.

> Users can leverage other existing ``BigQueryInsertJobOperator`` features, such as the buttons to visualise the job in the BigQuery UI.

Author: ```suggestion
Users can leverage other existing ``BigQueryInsertJobOperator`` features, such as the UI controls to link to the job in the BigQuery UI.
```

Airflow Async Execution Mode
============================

This execution mode can reduce the runtime by 35% in comparison to Cosmos LOCAL execution mode, but is currently only supported for BigQuery. While this mode was introduced in Cosmos 1.9, we strongly encourage users to use Cosmos 1.11, which has significant performance improvements.

It can be particularly useful for long-running transformations, since it leverages Airflow's `deferrable operators <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/authoring-and-scheduling/deferring.html>`__.

In this mode, there is a ``SetupAsyncOperator`` that will pre-generate the SQL files for the dbt project and upload them to Airflow XCom or a remote location. A remote location will only be used if users set ``AIRFLOW__COSMOS__REMOTE_TARGET_PATH`` and ``AIRFLOW__COSMOS__REMOTE_TARGET_PATH_CONN_ID``. This operator is run before the remaining pipeline. 

> All the pipeline dbt model transformations will be run using ``DbtRunAirflowAsyncOperator`` which, instead of running the ```dbt run``` command for each model. They will download the SQL files from the Airflow XCom or remote location and execute them directly leveraging the Airflow ``BigQueryInsertJobOperator``.

Author: ```suggestion
All the pipeline dbt model transformations will be run using ``DbtRunAirflowAsyncOperator`` which, instead of running the ``dbt run`` command for each model. They will download the SQL files from the Airflow XCom or remote location and execute them directly leveraging the Airflow ``BigQueryInsertJobOperator``.
```

Limitations
+++++++++++

1. The deferrable operator is currently supported for dbt models only when using BigQuery. Adding support for other adapters is on the roadmap.

2. By default, the ``SetupAsyncOperator`` creates and executes within a new isolated virtual environment for each task run, which can cause performance issues. To reuse an existing virtual environment, use the ``virtualenv_dir`` parameter within the ``operator_args`` of the ``DbtDag``. We have observed that for ``dbt-bigquery``, the ``SetupAsyncOperator`` executes approximately 30% faster when reusing an existing virtual environment, particularly for transformations that take around 10 minutes to complete.

    Example:

    .. code-block:: python

        DbtDag(..., operator_args={"virtualenv_dir": "dbt_venv"})

3. It is possible to upload the SQL files to a remote object location by setting the following environment variables. We observed, however, that this introduces a significant overhead in the execution time (500s for 129 models).

    .. code-block:: bash

    AIRFLOW__COSMOS__REMOTE_TARGET_PATH=gs://cosmos_remote_target_demo
    AIRFLOW__COSMOS__REMOTE_TARGET_PATH_CONN_ID=gcp_conn

> 4. When using the configuration above, in addition to the ``SetupAsyncOperator``, a ``TeardownAsyncOperator`` is also added to the DAG. This task will delete the SQL files from the remote location.

Author: Because of this: https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-cosmos/issues/2066. I'll further detail
